## Introduction
We aim to revolutionise the current polling Process with the help of Blockchain or DLT on a mission to making voting safer and more inclusive. The solution that we propose shall be a one-stop solution for all polls and referendums in our country and Worldwide. It incorporates the immutable and distributed aspects of the Blockchain Architecture, i.e, it will have a distributed ledger on the Ethereum Blockchain and it will be used to store votes and it will be immutable. In the specific case of Indian Elections, Aadhar based identification will prove really efficient because of the biometric data that Aadhar collects for each and every Aadhar holder.

## Idea and Workflow

We plan to build a Mobile Application(Android as of now) and a Web Application that will be used by Dedicated Polling Booths/Kiosks and by people who do not have a smartphone. Eliminating the Need of any Hardware required, the Solution will be portable and Mobile accessible anywhere. Any person(above 18 years) has to pre-register through the app to be able to vote through it. An OTP(Every aadhar card has a phone number linked to it) and the Human Verification process will be under place to verify the person. After that, a password will be generated that needs to be kept safe by the person and will serve as an important login identification.
Anyone who does not own a smartphone can report to various Electoral Kiosks in the country to register as a voter through the Blockchain Architecture. On the day of the Election, A person can vote through the mobile app with the pin he got while registering and the OTP on the mobile phone enabling 2-factor authentication(2FA) and he can then vote in his constituency. If he doesn't have a smartphone he will have to report to a polling booth. Also, there will be a process to link aadhar card and Voter Cards that people already have. This will be an automatic process with very less human intervention.

Coming to Blockchain Architect, Election administrators create election ballots using a decentralized app(dApp)which interacts with an election creation smart contract, in which the administrator defines a list of candidates and voting Constituencies. With decentralised Blockchain databases, in which voting data is distributed across many servers, it's harder to tamper results. To ensure Mobility, The Enrollment takes place according to voting Districts/Constituency but ensures that people from anywhere can vote upon verifying the Identity. 
## Additional Features
The Blockchain Architect also facilitates real-time tracking of votes and Auditing Results, thus checking the Accuracy of the Results using Blockchain transaction history. To help the Voters with the Decision Process, We aim to use NLP(Sentiment analysis) by Microsoft text analytics API to provide metrics about a politician in terms of negative or positive reviews by extracting a data from a public forum. The Application will also be redirected to the Third-party Election Information aggregator Platforms to further help Voters with Decision Making.
## Mockups for Android Application
Link for the mockups of the android application we will be developing
https://www.figma.com/file/KZdU1yAOzFkXFa60HTowZvfm/codeFundoBlockchain?node-id=0%3A1
## Video of Prototype
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrbZp7KXZmI
